JavaScript - Function Arguments (#1860)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/core/functions-i/function-arguments.md

---
## Content

> When we pass primitive variables (such as numbers and strings) to functions in JavaScript, they are *passed by value*. This means that if we manipulate the argument value inside the function, changes will not be reflected outside the function.

Reviewer: I feel like saying "pass by value" immediately might be a bit scary to a beginner (it's an unknown term plus it's arguably kind of a misnomer). 

How about we move it to the end?

```suggestion
When we pass primitive values (such as numbers and strings) into a function, we are actually passing in a copy of each of those values instead of the originals. If we were to manipulate one of those values, the changes will not be reflected on the original value outside of the function. This behavior is commonly known as **pass by value**.
```

```js
function changeVal(x) {
  x = 1000;
}

var x = 5;
changeVal(x);
console.log(x); // still 5
```

> However, if we were to use an object as argument, then it will **not be pased as a value**. What will happen though is that the object will **be passed as a reference**, which means that all the changes on the object made inside the function **are** reflected on the object itself.

Reviewer: In pair with the comment above:

```suggestion
When we pass non-primitive values (such as objects and arrays) into a function, we are not passing in a copy and instead are passing in the actual value. This behavior is called **pass by reference**. If we were to manipulate one of those values, we will also end up changing original value outside of the function. 
```

Reviewer: As far as clarifying what a "reference" is, I wonder if we should do it right here?

```suggestion
When we pass non-primitive values (such as objects and arrays) into a function, we are not passing in a copy and instead are passing in the actual value. This behavior is called **pass by reference**, where the "reference" means "direct link to the value". If we were to manipulate one of those values, we will also end up changing original value outside of the function. 
```

Author: I like this one more. It's just an extra phrase but might help users in the long run.

Reviewer: @kapnobatai137 coolio
